Okay, so two connections we need to set it up.

One is for my API API because here we are calling one task id, here we are calling one connection id,

and here also we are calling one connection ID right.

Regarding Postgres connection.

So two different connection needs to be started.

So what I will do I will open my new terminal.

And here I will just go ahead and write Astro Dev start.

And this will probably start my entire Dockers.

So here you will be able to see my Docker.

Docker desktop needs to be opened over here okay.

Right now nothing is running.

Now here you can see new Docker container has started.

I have my Postgres.

I have my trigger ETL pipeline.

Everything is basically running and soon my airflow will also be running as the Docker container will

get started.

Okay, so here you can see my air flow is starting up.

Now suddenly I should be able to get my localhost which is running in 8080.

Okay, so let's wait till these things happen.

Till then I can also see my Docker desktop if you want.

So right now let's see.

It is going to take some time right.

Once this is running automatically your browser should open.

Otherwise you can directly go ahead and it.

So now it has started.

Now here you can see that my airflow is there right.

I will go ahead and write admin admin and I'll go ahead and sign in.

This is the default password.

Now here you can see this is my Dag right.

NASA Apod Postgres.

Now before I go ahead and run this there is something called as connections.

So inside admin I have connections over here.

Now if I go ahead and see my Docker desktop also here you are able to see all this information right.

So here what I will do I will go ahead and add two different connection.

Okay.

And without this particular connection it will not work.

So the first connection is your NASA underscore API.

Why I'm writing this particular name.

Because if you go ahead and see your browser right over here, see the connection name that is present

over here, this connection is nothing but NASA underscore API.

Okay.

So this is your connection.

You should remember, uh, what uh, now this particular connection I'm actually going to use, what

is the connection type now in the connection type airflow.

The best thing is that it supports multiple connection type from Azure to Google to HTTP to Postgres

to power BI even you can use power BI over here.

Here we are going to specifically use HTP okay.

And uh it will ask for the information as host.

Right.

In the host we need to give the same API which we were basically calling right api.nasa.gov/gov.

Okay, uh, inside the login information, I don't want any of this information right now because we

are not going to provide any login.

And the next thing will be that I will go ahead and copy and paste my API key.

Now remember this is my API key that I got from the mail.

So you go ahead and copy this same thing.

Okay.

So then you provide this particular connection and this will be the connection ID for this.

And this same connection ID will be there in your code also.

Okay.

It needs to probably match.

So this is the first connection that I have to create.

The second connection is with respect to my uh Postgres.

Right.

And the name if you remember we also use something like my Postgres connection.

So let me just go ahead and show it to you.

In the ETL pipeline, we had created this particular connection that is my underscore Postgres underscore

connection okay.

And if I go ahead and see in the docker compose my Postgres user is Postgres, then password is Postgres

and Postgres underscore DB is also Postgres.

So first of all I will go ahead and select my connection type.

So here you will be able to see there is something called as Postgres.

We have to select this okay.

Now this is really important what host we really need to select for Postgres.

So if you go over here, if you see that Postgres is running inside your Docker, right inside as a

container.

So just go ahead and click on this.

This will be the name of the Postgres container.

Okay.

So you have to select this particular name.

Okay.

So see I'll again show you the steps.

So here my Postgres is running.

If you double click on this or if you just click one time you'll be able to see this name.

You have to use this particular name because this is where it is running.

So here I will set that to my host.

Then my password will be nothing but Postgres.

My login will be Postgres because the database name I've set it as Postgres.

My password will also be Postgres.

So all these three information are set up in my docker compose.

Then finally I need to provide my port.

My port was 5432.

If you remember again in the docker compose it is given right?

So this was my host port and this is my docker container port.

Right.

And from this I will be referring to this okay.

So all this information has been set.

If I go down I will go ahead and save it.

Now this is done.

Both my connection has been created.

Now I'll go to my Dag and let's see whether this will run or not.

So I'll go to my Dag and then I will go ahead and execute it.

Now see?

So inside this Dag, you will be able to see that the schedule is daily.

Now I'll just go ahead and click on run.

I hope so, it should run.

Let's see.

Now this is in green stage.

Perfect.

Green stage.

Green stage.

Green stage.

Previously you may be thinking, Krish, why this red is coming?

Because I had run it long back just a while back.

So there I was facing some issues.

But right now we have followed all the steps.

Now let's go inside this.

First of all I'll go to the graph.

So this is my create table.

Extract a pod transform and load data to Postgres okay so inside my create table here you will be able

to see what is the logs.

So here you can see that the table is basically getting created and all the logs looks good right.

Then if I go back to my graph over here you'll be able to see extract a pod.

And if I go ahead and see the logs here you'll be able to see retriever connection NASA API.

Right.

And here somewhere I think you should also be able to see the information.

But right now it's okay.

In this calm sea, in the scheme, I am able to get the entire information right.

Since we have used the task and this entire thing is basically coming from the API, which is our extract

and extract pipeline, right?

So this you have actually got it.

Now if I go back to my graph, if I say transform or transform underscore pod, if I see in the x comm

again, this is the transformation that I've actually done to probably get it in the form of JSON.

Then finally load data to Postgres.

You'll be able to see I will be able to see some logs.

Not a comment.

All these things is going rows affected one rows affected.

See it shows rows affected one.

That basically means one row is inserted.

Okay, now you should be thinking Krish, where does Postgres run?

Over here.

Don't worry, I'll show you that how?

You can probably go ahead and see the data inside the Postgres.

Obviously it is running inside a docker container, so you cannot directly open this URL.

See, if I go back to my container here, my Postgres is running in this URL.

If I just go and open this, it will not open.

So in order to connect to the Postgres we require db viewer.

Okay.

So what you do is that at the end of this step please go ahead and download DB viewer.

Okay so search for DB or download and you just go ahead and download this community one.

Okay so download DB viewer.

Okay.

Dbeaver.

Uh dbeaver.

You have to download either you can download it for windows, you can download it for Mac OS or Linux.

Right.

Just download that particular installer.

Double click it and install it.

Okay.

So once you install it you'll be able to see something like this right.

I will talk about this.

Let's let's delete this connection.

Okay.

Let's delete this connection.

Now let me do one thing.

Let me just go ahead and show you.

Once you download it you'll be able to get this DB server.

Okay.

Then uh go to your database click on New Database connection.

So the best thing about DB Dbeaver is that it will allow you to connect to different different types

of database.

See from OCN to MySQL, Google Cloud, CSV, Postgres.

So right now our SQL is nothing but Postgres.

I will go ahead and select this.

Now it is asking me this localhost Postgres Postgres.

See by default some basic information is over here.

The port is also right now from my local my host.

I have to probably use the same port because this is going to interact with the docker container.

So what I have to do write localhost 5432.

Database name is Postgres.

As we have set up this is also Postgres.

My password is also Postgres.

Okay.

Then we'll go ahead and test the connection.

So testing the connection is giving you the entire correct result.

It is saying connected.

So I'll click on okay.

Now I'll go ahead and click on finish okay.

Now as soon as you go ahead and click on finish.

Now see inside database, inside Postgres inside schema there is something called as tables.

And if I see inside table there is something called as a port underscore data.

And this is the information that has been triggered and that has been uh inserted.

Right.

So here you can see this entire information if you probably want to, uh, run this.

Let me see over here.

You have an option to open a SQL script.

Okay.

And let's zoom in.

If possible, I will just go ahead and write select star from upward underscore data.

Now let's execute it.

Control enter.

So here you can see my one record is basically coming.

Now as soon as I go ahead and again execute this that basically means my second record will get inserted.

I know the same record will get inserted so all the steps will run okay.

Now again to verify it, whether the data is going inside my DB from in my Postgres, I will just go

ahead and execute this.

Now here you can see my second record is also updated here.

The data is same, but here we are able to verify each and everything that it is working absolutely

fine.

Right.

And now this ETL pipeline can be scheduled any number of time.

Now here we have anyhow scheduled that it will run daily and almost we have completed the entire ETL

pipeline.

This was a amazing project altogether I guess.

I hope you are able to do this.

Now, what I'm actually going to do is that always make sure that after you run this, go back again

to your kernel terminal.

If you're not using it, just make sure that you stop it.

Okay.

So just go ahead and stop this Astro dev, stop now all my container will get stopped and automatically

I will be able to run things.

So this is how the entire ETL pipeline is created.

Now, the best thing over here is that whenever you saw the connections right in that connection, if

you are going to the cloud right, you can change that connection directly, right?

You can you can give the cloud connection over there.

The username password will be almost same thing.

The host will only be changing connection ID name.

You are able to create.

Right.

So that way you that is the reason why airflow is really important.

And it can be run as a Docker container anywhere.

Okay, so I hope you like this particular video.

This was all about this particular project.

There is one more upcoming project in airflow where we are completely going to implement a data science

project, including the ETL pipeline.

So yes, this was it from my side.

I'll see you in the next video.

Thank you.