Hello guys.

So finally we are going to take this entire ETL pipeline.

And we are going to deploy this in the cloud.

Now over here you will be able to see that we have used Astro okay.

And when we are using Astro that is nothing but astronomer.

Uh, it is a platform which basically manages the entire airflow.

Right.

And here you could see that we use something like Postgres.

We, we we created task, you know, which was able to perform, extract, transform and load.

Right.

And along with this in the Docker compose we could see that, hey, my Postgres was also running in

a Docker container.

Fine.

This is the working in the local right.

But the main thing is that how should we proceed in making this specific deployment into the cloud?

That is the major thing, and that is what is specifically asked in the interviews.

As a as a MLOps engineer, you would definitely be interested about like how each and every project

goes into the production.

Right?

So what I'm actually going to do is that in this particular video, I'm going to show you how you can

proceed with the deployment, and we will follow a mechanism wherein we will use AWS and we'll use some

other services also for the deployment purpose, so that you get a lot amount of idea.

Now, as you all know, we have created this entire project with the help of astronomer.io.

Okay.

And this astronomer.io.

What I will be doing is that, uh, this they also provide a entire cloud platform wherein you will

be able to manage your entire airflow application.

Now, you may be thinking, Christian, Chris, what about this Postgres sequel and all which we have

actually used?

Postgres can be created in AWS or any other kind of services can probably be created in AWS, and since

everything is working in airflow, we can just go ahead and change the host.

So if I probably go ahead and show you over here this I was running in my local right now inside this

local, if I probably go ahead and open just my connection.

Right.

So let's say my Postgres connection was here.

And here you can see that I've given some host right over here.

And this host is basically my AWS host, okay.

The AWS where I have actually hosted my database like Postgres database.

Okay.

And this particular Postgres database information or host I've actually given it over here.

So what it is going to happen is that from my local, if I am executing, all the information is going

to get stored in this particular database which is running in the AWS cloud.

So overall, in this video I will be showing you how you can go ahead and set up this particular database

of Postgres.

Along with that, how you can probably take your entire application into the production itself.

Okay, so let me just go ahead to the astronomer.io.

The first step is that please go ahead and create your account.

And the best thing is that astronomer.io.

They also provides you a cloud platform wherein you will be able to deploy your entire airflow application,

and they provide you somewhere around $300 credits.

Also.

Okay, if you are probably logging it for the first time.

So I'll go ahead and click on login.

Okay.

I've already created an account, but let me just show you completely from start.

So I'll go ahead and click on Get Started right now.

Okay.

And I will be using uh, one email ID, let's say a fresh email ID so that I show you everything from

basic.

So here you can see that I have already logged in.

What I will do, I will just go ahead and log out from here.

Okay.

So let's see I will log out from this particular account.

Okay.

Now what I will do I will again log in with a new ID.

Okay.

So that you also start from the complete basics.

So new login ID is 9046 at the rate gmail.com.

So I'm just going to go ahead and click on continue.

So once you probably go ahead and click on this.

So you will be inside your cloud.astronomer.io.

Okay.

Now this is your, uh, Astro account.

Your astro account has been created.

Uh, let me keep this as a dark mode so that it looks good.

Okay.

And then, uh, you can probably go ahead and contact your administrator.

Add an existing code if you're working for a company.

Or I can just go ahead and see, uh, start a free astro trial.

So I'll go ahead and create the organization.

I'll say, hey, this is for my personal use.

Okay.

Uh, how familiar are you with Apache Flow?

I think till now you are familiar.

Pretty much familiar.

Till the intermediate level, uh, personal learning and development.

I will be selecting it.

You can select anything as you like.

Okay.

Now, workspace name.

I will just go ahead and say this is, uh, my data engineering or ETL team.

Okay.

So I will just go ahead and write ETL team okay.

And I'll go ahead and click on continue.

So once I give this entire information you also need to give this entire information okay.

Now uh it is asking deploy your first Astro project.

You can either deploy generative AI application.

So it actually provides you with respect to vector embedding ETL learning flow and all.

So I will just go ahead and skip this step because I will show you how the deployment can be done.

Okay then review deployment.

Create deployment in Astro.

Let's say I will go ahead and select AWS internally okay I'll just go ahead and click on Create Deployment

okay.

Now I'll go to my deployment.

So this is how it looks like.

And everything over here.

By default some image is basically getting deployed.

Some base image is basically getting deployed okay.

So I hope you are able to understand till here.

Now the best thing is that you can deploy your first Dag even with the help of GitHub integration with

Astro CLI.

Um, all these steps I will probably show you directly with the help of Astro CLI.

And you can also go ahead and directly deploy your Dag.

Okay, so no healthy deployments found in the workspace.

So right now we have not done any deployment.

And if you also see over here nothing is running okay.

Now let me do one thing.

Let me just go back to my um project okay.

So in order to do the deployment I will just go ahead and open my terminal from the command prompt.

I will just go ahead and write.

Uh, Astro.

Astro login.

Okay, so once I.

Right.

Astro login, uh, it will tell me to open a browser over here.

See?

Please enter to open the browser.

So I will just go ahead and press enter.

Automatically it will take the browser where I'm specifically working.

And now I'll go ahead and continue with Google.

I'll just go ahead and log in to my account, because I want to go ahead and deploy my Dag account or

Dag application.

So once I do this, I will just go ahead and say accept.

Okay.

It is asking me the Astro account access.

And once this is done, I am good to go.

Okay.

Now once I give this particular access, the next command in order to deploy an entire application.

Okay, over here that we have this, right, the entire ETL pipeline.

All you have to do is then from the same working location, you just need to.

Right.

Astro deploy.

Okay.

So once you go ahead and write Astro Deploy here, you can see that it is saying select a deployment

Astro project.

I will just go ahead and select that number one.

Okay I'll press enter.

Now here you can see the entire building image is basically happening.

The entire checking your back for errors.

Everything is basically going over there okay.

And this is the best thing over here.

So one is passed.

So here the all the deployment is specifically happening where all the images will be pushed and all

installed.

The environment is basically creating created over here.

So if I just go ahead and see on Dax.

So not yet I cannot see anything because I think the deployment may be happening.

So if I go ahead and see in the deployments also.

So here you can see some some image will be getting created.

Uh, this is my base image.

So once uh, you know that entire deployment will happen over here.

So here you will be able to see the image okay.

So this is the first step.

So till that particular deployment is specifically happening we will wait.

See over here it is showing waiting waiting waiting waiting and all okay.

And here also you can see you have $300 credits in 14 days.

Uh left in your trial Okay, now what I will do, I will go to my AWS console.

Now, the thing is that Postgres, what astronomer does is that it does not provide you to probably

create any platform like it does not provide you any feature to create a PostgreSQL over here, right?

So what I will do is that I will go ahead and create a PostgreSQL over here.

So for this I will be using the DS.

DS basically means managed relational database services provided by AWS okay.

And here what I will do I will just go ahead and click on DB instances and I'll start creating my new

DB.

So already a DB is available over here.

Um, so I will be using this DB itself.

Uh, the reason is very simple because uh, if I go ahead and create a database, it is going to take

some amount of time.

Okay.

But I'll show you all the steps how you can probably go ahead and create it.

So here I will go ahead and click on create a Database.

So once I go ahead and click click on this.

So it will ask me to probably go ahead and select one option.

So I have created Standard Create.

Along with this I will be using PostgreSQL and it will just select the engine version.

So this is my engine version.

Okay now it shows that template.

What template you really want to select production or dev or test or free.

I'll just go ahead and click on Free to air.

Okay.

And if I select this all options right.

There are also different different options.

Like you can go ahead and take a single DB instance.

You can do Multi-az DB cluster.

So there are a lot of features over here.

Then this will be my DB instance identifier okay.

Type a name over a db instance.

So here you can actually see.

Now master username you'll be able to see over here type a login ID for the master user of a database

instance.

So I will just go ahead and write Postgres.

The reason why I'm writing Postgres over here.

Because if you go ahead and see in my docker compose right.

So here also we have just used postgres username, password and db.

Okay, so here we are writing Postgres.

Uh, then here also we'll go ahead and write Postgres.

Okay.

Here also we will go ahead and write Postgres.

So with respect to the master password then uh here you can see that we are selecting an instance configuration.

So this is like two version two Vcpu one GB Ram will be more than sufficient for our use.

Case allocated storage is 20.

Now if I go ahead and click on Advanced setting.

So advanced settings also this is selected by default.

Everything is selected.

Uh one option that you see over here with respect to public access I will go ahead and select on this

public access so that I am able to provide uh, because at the end of the day, I will be accessing

from my server.

Right.

So that is the reason I'm giving over here.

I don't need to select any proxy as such.

Um, password authentication is over here.

Uh, turn on performance insights seven days free tier.

Okay.

Let it be like this itself.

Uh, and all the options are over here, right?

So once you probably go ahead and select all the specific options you can, right?

I feel that everything looks fine over here.

Yeah.

Good to go.

Okay, then, uh, what I will do, I will just go ahead and click on create.

Okay.

So once you click on create, uh, you will be able to see that this kind of database will get created.

But that DB identifier name was database two in my case.

So I don't want to create it once again because I've just selected all the steps which you could also

see step by step.

Right.

So now if I go inside the database one here, there will be something called as VC security groups.

Okay.

So you need to go ahead and click this okay.

Uh after that after the database is basically getting created, then you need to probably go ahead and

click on the security group ID.

And there is a option which is called as Edit inbound rule.

So in the edit inbound rule you have to add a rule right.

So this rule will not be available over there.

Okay.

This rule will not be available over here.

Right.

So if I just delete it, you need to add a rule, uh, wherein you'll be able to select a Postgres.

So here you'll be able to see PostgreSQL.

By default the port is five, four, three two.

Uh, here you'll be having custom anywhere, anywhere, anywhere like this.

Right.

All this specific options is basically there.

Right.

So, uh, what you really need to probably do is that you can just go ahead and select for custom and

you can provide this access, uh, from anywhere.

Right.

So everybody should be able to access this okay.

So this is the default selection that we can probably do it okay.

So this is with respect to the inbound inbound rule right.

So if you again see this over here you will be able to see it.

Right.

So custom is over here.

Then you have this 0.0.0.

And then you have selected all these things.

So I think before we selected anywhere but it should be custom okay.

It should be custom.

So I'll just remove this once again If you see edit inbound rule PostgreSQL TCP okay protocol 5432.

By default it will get selected.

The source is custom and you have to select this particular IP.

Just saying that hey, from the internet we will be able to access this particular SQL server okay PostgreSQL.

Now once you do this uh, then uh, I will just go ahead and go to back and uh, let me just open my

RDS database again.

Okay.

So this, uh, database provide almost access to different, different databases as you like.

Okay.

Then you can go inside the database user, and here you will be able to see something called as endpoint

address.

Okay.

So you need to copy this endpoint address because this is what will get updated over here.

Once we run that in the astronomer.

Okay so guys once you have created this entire database, you can probably keep this endpoint handy

because that is what we are going to update in the host.

Once we run our airflow in the Astro.

Okay, now let's go back to our pipeline.

So here you can see that it has been successfully deployed.

Okay.

And if I just go ahead and see the DAGs okay.

So let's reload this 0222222.

So home something is being shown over here.

If I go ahead and see the deployment.

So this is my deployment here.

You can see today at this particular time previously also I tried some somewhat back you know uh in

this specific account.

But today at just 12:41 a.m., which I am recording at the night.

So here you'll be able to see this.

Okay.

Now, uh, let me just go ahead and see with respect to the Dag.

Okay.

Dag.

Right now, still, uh, no healthy founds in the workspace because this deployment may be still happening.

Okay, so here you can see all the information of this particular Docker image and all.

So this will take some time to run.

Okay.

So once it will be running, you know you should be able to see the DAGs over here.

Okay.

And, uh, till then, if I probably just go ahead and say filter by deployment all these options is

there owner.

All, uh, here you have airflow.

Okay, so let me do one thing.

Let me just go back to the deployments over here.

And here it shows airflow unavailable systems are deploying now.

This may take few minutes.

Okay.

So that basically means whatever deployment have taken this particular image, this is basically getting

deployed.

And once it gets deployed, uh, then you should be some be able to see something in the Dag and this

airflow unavailable that you can see on the right hand side.

Right.

This will also get enabled.

Okay.

So we'll just wait for some time and uh let's see for this.

Okay.

But here you can see previously also I have created some images and all, but every time it gets deployed

right, you will be able to see the fresh thing over here.

Okay.

So just let's wait till the deployment specifically happens and then we will continue.

So finally guys, you can see now uh, we just try to reload this 2 to 3 times.

Then you will be able to see that now your image has been deployed, even though if you see in the Dag.

So DAGs also you'll be able to see NASA Apod, Postgres, you know, and before just recording this

video, I also tested multiple times to see that if everything was working fine and it worked, everything

worked smoothly.

Okay.

Now, if I go back to my deployments, uh, if I go inside this okay, here you can see open airflow

option is there.

Right.

So go and click on this open airflow.

Now there are two important connections that we need to update right.

Like how we updated over here right in our localhost.

So if you go over here so similarly you will be able to see in the admin.

See the entire airflow is running in this specific URL in this particular cloud.

Right.

And this is inside astronomer.

So here you'll be able to see something called as connections.

Now inside this connections So let's see.

No healthy upstream.

Why?

Okay, let me open this.

Okay.

Uh, okay.

Still getting.

Okay, let's open the.

Still, it is not showing anything.

No worries.

I think this is getting deployed yet.

Okay, I have to start over here.

See, uh, the problem that we did right in the deployment, uh, when we went inside this, we were

trying to open the airflow, and the airflow was not opening.

The reason is very simple, because this is not yet started.

So go to the DAGs.

And here you will be able to see one blue color button.

See on the right hand side.

Just go ahead and click on this run.

And now your NASA bot Postgres has been triggered successfully.

Okay now if I go ahead and see in the deployment, if I go ahead and click on the open airflow, now

my airflow should be able to run.

Okay.

And this is the URL that you are able to see.

Now two important things.

Uh go to the admin page.

Go to connections and I need to update the two connections, right?

And these two connections also have updated it just to test beforehand, but I will talk about it.

See here you need to go ahead and write your connection ID okay.

The connection ID will be found in the code.

Okay.

So here if you go ahead and see in the code here this is my Postgres connection.

So this Postgres connection will be added over here.

Then you have to select the connection type as Postgres host is nothing.

But this will be a Postgres connection end point, right?

So if you go to the AWS, this particular URL that you are able to see, I told you to copy it, right.

So that is what you are going to put it over here.

Then the database name is Postgres, login is Postgres and password.

Also I will go ahead and write Postgres.

Why I'm writing all Postgres because in the docker compose.

Also we have set that up right.

And while creating the database also we use Postgres, Postgres, Postgres.

Right.

And then we are going to save this.

The port will be 5432.

Right.

And the second connection that you really need to put is about your NASA API.

And this I think, uh, need not be repeated because NASA underscore API https will be there.

This is your host and this is your API key, right?

The API key I hope you are having in this particular format, you have to upload it.

I'll just go ahead and save it okay.

Now I'll go to my Dag and I've run it multiple number of times just to verify whether everything is

working fine.

So here you can see before I was getting some red color, but that was just a kind of trial that I actually

did before recording the video because I want to show you some more things.

Right.

So that is the reason.

Now I'll go ahead and click on trigger Dag.

Now here you can see my new Dag has been opened.

And this is basically giving me a green color signal.

That basically means it's working fine.

So if I go to the graph create table, if I go ahead and see in the logs.

So this entire create table function is basically getting executed.

If I can go to extract a pod, if I go ahead and see in the logs, I should be able to see see retrieving

connection, underscore, API and all.

And finally, if I go ahead to the graph transform underscore upward underscore data.

So here you'll be able to see the logs title.

Everything is basically coming up.

So this in short is exactly happening.

All the things are actually happening in your, uh, astronomer cloud.

And my database is basically over here in the EC2 instance.

Now, still, if you want to see that how many records has been inserted into a database, go to your

DB viewer.

Okay.

And let me do one thing.

Let me just, uh, let me disconnect.

Okay.

Uh, let me do one thing.

Let me just go ahead and connect to a new database.

Okay.

Now here I'm going to go ahead and connect to the Postgres SQL.

And it is basically asking me for the local host, uh, the host address.

Now, you know that my host address where it is available, this is my host address.

I will open this I will put it over here.

Okay, then my username and my password will be again Postgres.

Okay.

I will go ahead and test the connection.

So this should be basically communicating with my database that is there in my uh, AWS uh cloud.

Right.

So here it says it is fine.

If I go ahead and finish this, you'll be able to see that my Postgres C three is basically there.

And now let me just open it and show you the table.

The pod underscore data table will be available over here.

This was from my localhost.

So if you remember Postgres schema public table a pod underscore data okay.

Now just to execute and show you that how many records are basically available, I will just go ahead

and open a SQL editor or not SQL editor, open a SQL script, enter the pods.

Okay, something is asking me, no worries.

So I'll just go ahead and see this.

A pod underscore data and let me just go ahead and enter.

No active connection okay.

This script is not opened in the connection.

Open a SQL script.

Okay.

Select star from a pod.

Underscore data.

And I'll press control.

Enter.

And here you should be able to see your records.

So till now I have uploaded 4 to 5 records because I have run it 2 to 3 times.

So that is the reason you are able to see this.

So this entirely is happening in the cloud platform, right.

Your database is over here in the AWS.

Your uh, airflow is specifically running over here in the Astro Pro Astro Cloud itself.

Right.

And I have already showed you how you can probably go ahead and do the deployment step by step.

So I hope you like this particular project with respect to end to end, because we have also made sure

that we have done the deployment in the cloud.

And since airflow is being efficiently managed by astronomer, so that is my duty to probably show you

all the cloud different, different kind of cloud platforms and what feature we can specifically use

so that tomorrow, if you go into the different companies, you should be able to use all these things.

So yes, this was it from my side.

I will see you in the next video.

Thank you.